1.distinguish between http1 and http2
HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol 
it is used in client-server communication. 
By using HTTP user sends the request to the server & the server sends the response.

HTTP2 is much faster and more reliable than HTTP1.1
HTTP1.1 loads a single request for every TCP(Transmission control protocol) connection, 
while HTTP2 avoids network delay by using multiplexing.

HTTP/2 is much faster and more efficient than HTTP/1.1.
HTTP/2 can send multiple requests for data in parallel over a single TCP connection. 
This is the most advanced feature of the HTTP/2 protocol because it allows you to download web files asynchronously from one server.
HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it. 
HTTP/2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource. 
HTTP/2 does this by splitting data into binary-code messages and numbering these messages so 
that the client knows which stream each binary message belongs to.

A server only serves content to a client device if the client asks for it. 
this approach is not always practical for modern webpages, which often involve several dozen separate resources that the client must request. 
HTTP/2 solves this problem by allowing a server to "push" content to a client before the client asks for it. 
The server also sends a message letting the client know what pushed content to expect .

small files load more quickly than large ones. 
To speed up web performance
both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2 compress HTTP messages to make them smaller.
HTTP/2 uses a more advanced compression method called HPACK that eliminates redundant information in HTTP header packets. 
This eliminates a few bytes from every HTTP packet. 
Given the volume of HTTP packets involved in loading even a single webpage, those bytes add up quickly, resulting in faster loading.




2.Objects And Its Internal Representation In JavaScript
Objects in JavaScript is most important datatype and forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript. 
These objects are different from JavaScript primitive data-types(Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined and symbol). 
in the sense that while these primitive datatypes all store a single value each (depending on their types).

objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs. 
These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively, in the context of an object.

example
var myCar = new Object();
myCar.make = 'dodge';
myCar.model = 'charger';
myCar.year = '1969';

object named myCar and it properties named make, model, and year.

Ways to create an object in javascript ;

Object.create()

Object constructor

Object.assign()

Object.fromEntries

Object litera